W-14927671  Pdk ga branch gr (#464)
mulesoft/docs-gateway: pdk/1.0/modules/ROOT/pages/policies-pdk-configure-features-http-request.adoc

* Injecting the client parameters into the `[entrypoint]` function enables you to make calls in both the request and the response filter:
+
[source,Rust]
----
#[entrypoint]
async fn configure(launcher: Launcher, Configuration(bytes): Configuration, client: HttpClient) -> Result<()> {
    let config: Config = serde_json::from_slice(&bytes).unwrap();

    // Both request and the response handlers will use the client   
    let filter = on_request(|request_state| request_filter(request_state, &config, &client))
        .on_response(|response_state, request_data| {
            response_filter(response_state, request_data, &config, &client)
        });

    launcher.launch(filter).await?;
    Ok(())
}
----

* Injecting the client parameters into one of the `on_request` or `on_response` wrapper functions enables you to only make calls in that function:
+
[source,Rust]
----
// Handler with the logic for incoming requests
​​async fn request_filter(state: RequestState, conf: &Config, client: HttpClient) {
 ...
}

#[entrypoint]
async fn configure(launcher: Launcher, Configuration(bytes): Configuration) -> Result<()> {
    let config: Config = serde_json::from_slice(&bytes).unwrap();

>     // For incoming request events, using the on_request wrapper, inject the client and pass it to the request_filter handler

Reviewer: For any reason, the formatting looks odd in the GitHub preview from this line on, please confirm in a local build that code blocks and all content renders as intended

Author: I think it's just github. It looks good on the site:https://dev-docs-internal.kqa.msap.io/beta-pdk-ga/pdk/latest/policies-pdk-configure-features-http-request

    launcher
        .launch(on_request(|request, client| {
            request_filter(request, &config, client)
        }))
        .await?;
    Ok(())
}
----

> You must define your service as a parameter in you schema definition to make HTTP requests. The following code snippet provides an example schema definition for an external service:

Reviewer 2: When do they define this? After they perform the previous two steps? Are these all ordered? Or is this all just reference material - stuff that they can do in any order? Should this be mentioned for clarity?

Author: https://github.com/mulesoft/docs-gateway/pull/504/

[source,yaml]
----
properties:
      externalService:
          type: string
          format: service
      endpointPath:
          type: string
----

To learn more about defining parameters, see xref:policies-pdk-create-schema-definition.adoc[]

> In policy's Rust source code, you can access the defined external service in the `Config` struct. To perform requests, call the HTTP client in your policy similar to the following example:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In the policy's Rust source code, you can access the defined external service in the `Config` struct. To perform requests, call the HTTP client in your policy, for example:
```
